Migration guide tweaks (#6001)
apollographql/apollo-kotlin: docs/source/migration/4.0.mdx

<Note>

> **Version 4.0 is currently under development and this page itself is a work in progress.**

Reviewer: I think I'd stick with `Apollo Kotlin 4` and `Apollo Kotlin 3`. It's generic and will age better. 

In places where we don't want to repeat ourselves, I'd go with `3.x` and `4.x`. I don't see a strong reason to make a distinction between `3.0` and `3.x`? (or `4.0` and `4.x`?)

We don't technically have a `4.0` release. I guess it's ok in the url because we've always done that but would otherwise avoid it.

</Note>

Apollo Kotlin 3.0 was a major rewrite of Apollo in Kotlin multiplatform.

Apollo Kotlin 4.0 focuses on tooling, stability and fixing some API regrets that came with 3.x.

> While most of the common APIs stayed the same, 4.0 isn't binary compatible with 3.x so we [changed the package name](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/issues/4710) to `com.apollographql.apollo`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While most of the common APIs stayed the same, Apollo Kotlin 4 contains a few binary breaking changes. To account for that, and in order to be more future proof, we [changed the package name](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/issues/4710) to `com.apollographql.apollo`. 
```

Reviewer: Also this is not done yet so only merge after the actual change.

Reviewer: Move to https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/pull/6008

Apollo Kotlin 4.0 removes some deprecated symbols. We strongly recommend removing deprecated usages before migrating to 4.0.  

If you are using a library that depends on Apollo Kotlin transitively, you need it to update to 4.x before you can update your own application to 4.0.

## Automatic migration using the Android Studio plugin

Apollo Kotlin 4.0 ships with a companion [Android Studio plugin](../testing/android-studio-plugin#migration-helpers) that automates most of the migration. 

It automates most of the API changes but cannot deal with behavior changes like error handling. 

We recommend using the plugin to automate the repetitive tasks but still go through this document for the details. 

> ## Package name / group id / plugin id

Author: Maybe this section should be merged with the "Maven artifacts reorganization" below.

Reviewer: I'd say it's fine to have it prominently at the beginning. "Maven artifacts reorganization" is a lot more advanced APIs so I'm OK to have them in 2 different sections as it's probably 2 different audiences.

Nit: use the same order as what people are going to use when updating:

```suggestion
## Group id / plugin id / package name
```

</Note>

Apollo Kotlin 3 was a major rewrite of Apollo in Kotlin multiplatform.

Apollo Kotlin 4 focuses on tooling, stability and fixing some API regrets that came with 3.

While most of the common APIs stayed the same, Apollo Kotlin 4 contains a few binary breaking changes. To account for that, and in order to be more future proof, we [changed the package name](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/issues/4710) to `com.apollographql.apollo`.

Apollo Kotlin 4 removes some deprecated symbols. We strongly recommend removing deprecated usages before migrating to version 4.  

> If you are using a library that depends on Apollo Kotlin transitively, you need it to update to version 4 before you can update your own application to version 4.

Reviewer: I forgot to move that part to next_docs. Note that that last line isn't true anymore under `com.apollographql.apollo`, I'll clean that up in a follow up PR

</Note>

Apollo Kotlin 3 was a major rewrite of Apollo in Kotlin multiplatform.

Apollo Kotlin 4 focuses on tooling, stability and fixing some API regrets that came with 3.

While most of the common APIs stayed the same, Apollo Kotlin 4 contains a few binary breaking changes. To account for that, and in order to be more future proof, we [changed the package name](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/issues/4710) to `com.apollographql.apollo`.

Apollo Kotlin 4 removes some deprecated symbols. We strongly recommend removing deprecated usages before migrating to version 4.  

If you are using a library that depends on Apollo Kotlin transitively, you need it to update to version 4 before you can update your own application to version 4.

## Automatic migration using the Android Studio plugin

Apollo Kotlin 4 ships with a companion [Android Studio plugin](../testing/android-studio-plugin#migration-helpers) that automates most of the migration. 

> It automates most of the API changes but cannot deal with behavior changes like error handling. 

Reviewer: 👍 For the record, our style guide recommends American english so 👍
